updated readme after removing minishift makefile targets in other repos (#163)
codeready-toolchain/toolchain-common: README.adoc

> == Setting Up and Connecting Host and Member Clusters

Reviewer: From my point of view, this whole section is outdated, and we can drop it. If there is someone who needs to configure host & member operator, the (s)he should use https://github.com/codeready-toolchain/toolchain-e2e/blob/master/dev_install.adoc 
WDYT @xcoulon ?

Reviewer: A reminder :-)  You can remove the whole ` == Setting Up and Connecting Host and Member Clusters` part. Either now or in the next PR - as you wish :wink:

Author: And replace it with a note probably then?

> In a new terminal, login as admin to host-operator and then execute the following commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a new terminal, login as admin and execute the following commands from the local `host-operator` repository directory
```

```
$ make create-namespace 
$ make deploy-rbac
$ make deploy-crd
```

> login as admin to member and then execute the following commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then execute the following commands from the local `member-operator` repository directory
```

The CodeReady Toolchain architecture contains two types of clusters `host` and `member`.
To connect these two clusters together it is necessary to run a script link:scripts/add-cluster.sh[] that takes multiple flags like, `--type`, `--member-ns`, `--host-ns`, `--single-cluster`, `--kube-config`. However you can see all these options by using `./scripts/add-cluster.sh -h`

> Assumption: This script assumes that you have host and member operators running on host and member clusters(in our case clusters are different profiles)
> in respective namespace with all requires resources like Service Account, (Cluster)Role, (Cluste)RoleBinding, Custom Resource Definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assumption: This script assumes that you have host and member operators running on host and member clusters.
```

Note: We have make target available for this i.e. `make add-host-to-member` member-operator, host-operator repository

==== Using a single cluster for both operators host and member

> Assumption: This script assumes that you have host and member operators running on Openshift cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assumption: This script assumes that you have both host and member operators running on the same OpenShift cluster
```
